Come, come,
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, Come, come, come, come, come, come,
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come,
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come,
Come, come,
Come, come, come, come,
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come,
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
They can't force me here now
I wasn't the one who found our place.
It was someone who found and killed him.
You really committed it
I'll tell you the military side of the matter
If you are not asking for a discount
From now on, everything he said was true.
Don't be impatient
if we won't let go